README.md, before:

# Article 19 regional spending

Andrew Heiss  
Sanford School of Public Policy, Duke University  
October 18, 2016

## Data

Data comes from Article 19's annual reports that include breakdowns of spending by regional purpose. This breakdown was not provided before 2011.

- [2011 report](https://www.article19.org/data/files/annual_reports_and_accounts/2011-annual-report.pdf)
- [2012 report](https://www.article19.org/data/files/annual_reports_and_accounts/13_07_24_Annual_Report.pdf)
- [2013 report](https://www.article19.org/data/files/annual_reports_and_accounts/A19-Annual-Report-1-12-final.pdf)
- [2014 report](https://www.article19.org/data/files/annual_reports_and_accounts/Annual_report_2014.pdf)
- [2015 report](https://www.article19.org/data/files/ARTICLE_19s_Annual_Report_2015.pdf)

## Notes

In 2011, Article 19 provided more detailed regional breakdowns, separating spending into subregions like East Africa, West Africa, etc. For the sake of comparability, I collapsed these subregions into larger regions:

- East and South East Asia → Asia
- South Asia → Asia
- East Africa → Africa
- West Africa → Africa
- Central America → Latin America
- South America → Latin America

Commit message:

Add link to HTML notebook

README.md, after:

# Article 19 regional spending

Andrew Heiss  
Sanford School of Public Policy, Duke University  
October 18, 2016

## Full results

The results from an R Notebook are visible at [a19_expenditures.nb.html](https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andrewheiss/a19-regional-spending/master/a19_expenditures.nb.html)

## Data

Data comes from Article 19's annual reports that include breakdowns of spending by regional purpose. This breakdown was not provided before 2011.

- [2011 report](https://www.article19.org/data/files/annual_reports_and_accounts/2011-annual-report.pdf)
- [2012 report](https://www.article19.org/data/files/annual_reports_and_accounts/13_07_24_Annual_Report.pdf)
- [2013 report](https://www.article19.org/data/files/annual_reports_and_accounts/A19-Annual-Report-1-12-final.pdf)
- [2014 report](https://www.article19.org/data/files/annual_reports_and_accounts/Annual_report_2014.pdf)
- [2015 report](https://www.article19.org/data/files/ARTICLE_19s_Annual_Report_2015.pdf)

## Notes

In 2011, Article 19 provided more detailed regional breakdowns, separating spending into subregions like East Africa, West Africa, etc. For the sake of comparability, I collapsed these subregions into larger regions:

- East and South East Asia → Asia
- South Asia → Asia
- East Africa → Africa
- West Africa → Africa
- Central America → Latin America
- South America → Latin America
